HEY, GORGEOUS.
HOW'S IT GOING?
DEHYDRATED JAPANESE NOODLES
UNDER FLUORESCENT LIGHTS.
DOES IT GET BETTER THAN THIS?
YOU'RE NOT DATING ANYBODY,
ARE YOU?
I MET SOMEBODY
WHO WOULD BE PERFECT FOR YOU.
AH. YOU SEE, "PERFECT"
MIGHT BE A PROBLEM.
HAD YOU SAID "CO-DEPENDENT"
OR "SELF-DESTRUCTIVE"...
DO YOU WANT A DATE SATURDAY?
YES, PLEASE.
OKAY. HE IS CUTE
HE'S FUNNY, HE'S...
HE'S A HE?
WELL, YEAH.
OH, GOD.
I JUST...
I THOUGHT...
YOU'RE NOT. SO.
GOOD, SHELLY. OKAY.
I'M JUST GOING TO GO FLUSH
MYSELF DOWN THE TOILET NOW.
OKAY. BYE-BYE.
♪ SO NO ONE TOLD YOU
LIFE WAS GONNA BE THIS WAY ♪
♪ YOUR JOB'S A JOKE,
YOU'RE BROKE ♪
♪ YOUR LOVE LIFE'S D.O.A. ♪
♪ IT'S LIKE YOU'RE ALWAYS
STUCK IN SECOND GEAR ♪
♪ WHEN IT HASN'T BEEN YOUR DAY ♪
♪ YOUR WEEK, YOUR MONTH,
OR EVEN YOUR YEAR ♪
♪ BUT I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ WHEN THE RAIN
STARTS TO FALL ♪
♪ I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ LIKE I'VE BEEN THERE BEFORE ♪
♪ 'CAUSE YOU'RE THERE
FOR ME TOO. ♪
Chandler:
I MEAN, IS THAT RIDICULOUS?
CAN YOU BELIEVE SHE
ACTUALLY THOUGHT THAT?
UM...
YEAH.
WELL, I MEAN,
WHEN I FIRST MET YOU,
YOU KNOW, I THOUGHT MAYBE...
POSSIBLY YOU MIGHT BE.
YOU DID?
YEAH. THEN YOU SPENT
PHOEBE'S ENTIRE
BIRTHDAY PARTY
TALKING TO MY BREASTS
SO THEN I FIGURED
MAYBE NOT.
DID ANY OF THE REST
OF YOU GUYS THINK THAT
WHEN YOU FIRST MET ME?
I DID.
YEAH. I THINK SO.
NOT ME.
NO, NO. ME NEITHER.
ALTHOUGH, UH,
YOU KNOW, BACK IN COLLEGE,
SUSAN SALIDOR DID.
YOU'RE KIDDING.
DID YOU TELL
HER I WASN'T?
NO.
WELL, IT'S JUST 'CAUSE
I KIND OF WANTED
TO GO OUT WITH HER TOO
SO I TOLD HER, ACTUALLY
YOU WERE SEEING
BERNIE SPELLMAN
WHO ALSO
LIKED HER, SO...
WELL, THIS IS FASCINATING.
SO, UH, WHAT IS IT
ABOUT ME?
I DON'T KNOW.
'CAUSE YOU'RE SMART,
YOU'RE FUNNY...
SO IS ROSS. YOU THINK
THAT ABOUT HIM?
YEAH! RIGHT!
WHAT IS IT?!
( laughing )
OKAY, I DON'T KNOW.
YOU JUST...
HAVE A QUALITY.
YES.
EXACTLY.
YEAH. A QUALITY.
"A QUALITY." GOOD.
BECAUSE I WAS WORRIED
YOU WERE GOING TO BE VAGUE
ABOUT THIS.
( phone rings )
HELLO?
OH. RACHEL.
IT'S PAOLO
CALLING FROM ROME.
OH, MY GOD.
HE'S CALLING FROM ROME!
BUON GIORNO, CARO MIO.
SO HE'S CALLING
FROM ROME.
I COULD DO THAT.
YOU JUST GOTTA GO
TO ROME.
MONICA, YOUR DAD JUST BEEPED IN
BUT CAN YOU MAKE IT QUICK
'CAUSE I'M TALKING TO ROME.
I'M TALKING TO ROME.
HEY, DAD.
WHAT'S UP?
OH, GOD.
ROSS. IT'S NANA.
HEY.
OH, HI.
OH, ROSS.
HEY, DAD.
SO, UH...
HOW'S SHE DOING?
THE DOCTOR SAYS
IT'S A MATTER OF HOURS.
HOW ARE YOU, MOM?
ME? I'M FINE. FINE.
I'M GLAD YOU'RE HERE.
WHAT'S WITH YOUR HAIR?
WHAT?
WHAT'S DIFFERENT?
NOTHING.
OH. MAYBE THAT'S IT.
SHE'S UNBELIEVABLE!
HER MOTHER IS...
RELAX, RELAX.
OKAY, WE ARE GOING
TO BE HERE FOR A WHILE
IT LOOKS LIKE
AND WE STILL
HAVE BOYFRIENDS
AND YOUR CAREER TO COVER.
OH, GOD.
...THE FUZZY
LITTLE MINTS
AT THE BOTTOM
OF HER PURSE.
OH! YEAH.
THEY WERE GROSS.
OH! YOU KNOW
WHAT I LOVE?
HER SWEET 'N LOWs--
HOW SHE WAS ALWAYS STEALING
THEM FROM RESTAURANTS.
NOT JUST
RESTAURANTS--
FROM OUR HOUSE.
MRS. GELLER?
Ross:
SHE LOOKS SO SMALL.
I KNOW.
AT LEAST SHE'S
WITH POP-POP
AND AUNT PHYLLIS NOW.
YES.
GOOD-BYE, NANA.
BYE, NANA.
( groans )
( yells )
( screams )
ROSS!
WHAT IS GOING ON?
YOU KNOW HOW THE NURSE SAID
THAT NANA HAD PASSED?
WELL, SHE'S NOT QUITE.
WHAT?
SHE'S NOT PASSED.
SHE'S PRESENT.
SHE'S BACK.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
SHE MAY HAVE DIED.
SHE MAY HAVE DIED?
WE'RE LOOKING INTO IT.
I'LL GO SEE.
THIS ALMOST NEVER HAPPENS.
NOW SHE'S PASSED.
I JUST HAVE TO KNOW,
OKAY?
IS IT MY HAIR?
YES, CHANDLER,
THAT'S EXACTLY WHAT IT IS.
IT'S YOUR HAIR.
YEAH. YOU HAVE HOMOSEXUAL HAIR.
HEY.
HI.
SO, UM,
DID SHE..?
TWICE.
TWICE?
OH, THAT SUCKS.
ARE YOU GUYS OKAY?
I DON'T KNOW.
IT'S WEIRD.
I MEAN, I KNOW SHE'S GONE
BUT I JUST DON'T FEEL, UH...
MAYBE SHE'S NOT REALLY GONE.
NO, NO. SHE'S GONE.
WE CHECKED.
A LOT.
NO, I MEAN, MAYBE
NO ONE EVER REALLY GOES.
EVER SINCE MY MOM DIED
EVERY NOW AND THEN
I GET THIS FEELING
THAT SHE'S, LIKE,
RIGHT HERE, YOU KNOW?
OH! AND DEBBIE
MY BEST FRIEND
FROM JUNIOR HIGH
GOT STRUCK BY LIGHTNING
ON A MINIATURE GOLF COURSE.
I ALWAYS GET
THIS REALLY STRONG
"DEBBIE" VIBE
WHENEVER I USE ONE OF
THOSE LITTLE YELLOW PENCILS
YOU KNOW?
I MISS HER.
OH. HERE, PHEEBS.
WANT THIS?
OH. THANKS. SURE.
I JUST SHARPENED HER
THIS MORNING.
NOW, SEE, I DON'T BELIEVE
ANY OF THAT.
I THINK WHEN YOU'RE DEAD,
YOU'RE DEAD.
YOU'RE GONE.
YOU'RE WORM FOOD.
SO CHANDLER LOOKS GAY, HUH?
YOU KNOW, I DON'T KNOW
WHO THIS IS
BUT IT'S NOT DEBBIE.
I THOUGHT IT WAS
A CLOSED CASKET.
WELL, THAT DOESN'T MEAN
SHE CAN'T LOOK NICE.
OH.
YOU THINK YOU
CAN GET IN THERE?
I DON'T SEE WHY NOT.
( yells )
HERE'S MY RETAINER!
I WAS JUST THINKING
WHEN MY TIME COMES...
DAD!
LISTEN TO ME!
WHEN MY TIME COMES...
I WANT TO BE BURIED AT SEA.
YOU WHAT?
IT LOOKS LIKE FUN.
DEFINE "FUN."
COME ON!
YOU'LL MAKE A DAY OF IT.
YOU'LL GET A BOAT,
PACK A LUNCH...
AND THEN WE THROW
YOUR BODY IN THE WATER.
GEE, THAT DOES SOUND FUN.
EVERYONE THINKS THEY KNOW ME.
EVERYONE SAYS, "JACK GELLER,
SO PREDICTABLE."
MAYBE AFTER I'M GONE,
THEY'LL SAY,
"BURIED AT SEA. HUH."
THAT'S PROBABLY
WHAT THEY'LL SAY.
I'D LIKE THAT.
HEY, GORGEOUS.
HEY.
LOOK, I'M SORRY
ABOUT YESTERDAY. I, UH...
DON'T WORRY ABOUT IT.
OTHER PEOPLE HAVE MADE
THE SAME MISTAKE, SO...
OH!
OKAY!
PHEW!
SO, UH, WHAT DO YOU THINK
IT IS ABOUT ME?
I DON'T KNOW,
BUT YOU JUST HAVE A...
A QUALITY.
A QUALITY. RIGHT.
IT'S A SHAME
BECAUSE YOU AND LOWELL
WOULD HAVE MADE
A GREAT COUPLE.
LOWELL?
FINANCIAL SERVICES LOWELL?
THAT'S WHO YOU SAW ME WITH?
WHAT? HE'S CUTE.
WELL, YEAH.
HE'S NO BRIAN IN PAYROLL.
IS BRIAN..?
NO-- I DON'T KNOW.
IF YOU WERE GOING TO SET ME UP
I'D LIKE TO THINK YOU'D SET ME
UP WITH SOMEBODY LIKE HIM.
WELL, I THINK BRIAN'S A LITTLE
OUT OF YOUR LEAGUE.
EXCUSE ME.
YOU DON'T THINK I
COULD GET A BRIAN?
BECAUSE I COULD GET A BRIAN.
BELIEVE YOU ME.
I'M REALLY NOT.
THIS ONE?
NO.
I HAVE SHOWN YOU
EVERY DRESS WE HAVE.
UNLESS YOU WANT YOUR MOTHER
TO SPEND ETERNITY
IN A LEMON-YELLOW PANTSUIT,
GO WITH THE BURGUNDY.
WHATEVER WE PICK
SHE WOULD HAVE TOLD US
IT'S THE WRONG ONE.
WE'LL GO
WITH THE BURGUNDY.
A FINE CHOICE.
I'M COMING OUT.
WAIT! WE NEED SHOES.
OKAY.
HOW ABOUT THESE?
THAT'S REALLY
A DAY SHOE.
AND WHERE SHE'S GOING,
EVERYONE ELSE WILL BE DRESSIER.
COULD WE SEE SOMETHING
IN A SLIMMER HEEL?
OKAY. I HAVE NOTHING
IN AN EVENING SHOE
IN THE BURGUNDY.
I CAN SHOW YOU SOMETHING
IN A SILVER THAT MAY WORK.
NO. IT REALLY SHOULD
BE BURGUNDY.
MM. UNLESS WE GO
WITH A DIFFERENT DRESS.
YES.
WAIT!
WAIT. I MAY HAVE
SOMETHING IN THE BACK.
AH.
MY GOD.
IS EVERYTHING
ALL RIGHT, DEAR?
YEAH. YEAH. JUST...
JUST NANA STUFF.
YOU GUYS READY?
MOM ALREADY CALLED
TO REMIND ME
NOT TO WEAR MY HAIR UP.
YOU KNOW MY EARS
AREN'T MY BEST FEATURE?
SOME DAYS IT'S ALL
I CAN THINK ABOUT.
HI. I'M SORRY I'M LATE.
I COULDN'T FIND MY BEARINGS.
OH. YOU MEAN YOUR EARRINGS?
WHAT DID I SAY?
ARE THESE THE SHOES?
YES. PAOLO SENT
THEM FROM ITALY.
WHAT? WE, UH...
WE DON'T HAVE SHOES HERE?
MORNING.
WE READY TO GO?
DON'T WE LOOK NICE
ALL DRESSED UP?
IT'S STUFF LIKE THAT,
ISN'T IT?
IT WAS A REALLY
BEAUTIFUL SERVICE.
IT REALLY WAS.
OH... COME HERE,
SWEETHEART.
YOU KNOW...
I THINK IT MIGHT
BE TIME FOR YOU
TO START USING
NIGHT CREAM.
WHAT?
NOTHING-- JUST YOUR OVERCOAT
SOUNDS REMARKABLY
LIKE BRENT MUSBURGER.
CHECK IT OUT.
GIANTS/COWBOYS.
YOU'RE WATCHING
A FOOTBALL GAME
AT A FUNERAL?
NO, IT'S THE PREGAME.
I'M GOING TO WATCH IT
AT THE RECEPTION.
YOU ARE A FRIGHTENING,
FRIGHTENING MAN.
OH, NO!
MY NEW PAOLO SHOES.
I HOPE
THEY'RE NOT RUINED.
GOD, WHAT
A GREAT DAY.
WHAT? WEATHER-WISE.
I KNOW.
THE AIR,
THE TREES...
EVEN THOUGH NANA'S GONE,
THERE'S SOMETHING ALMOST...
I DON'T KNOW...
ALMOST LIFE...
ARE YOU OKAY?
ROSS!
I'M FINE. I'M FINE.
OHH.
I'M JUST... JUST...
HAVING MY WORST FEAR REALIZED.
OKAY, DON'T WORRY.
I'M CHECKING TO SEE
IF THE MUSCLE'S IN SPASM.
HUH.
WHAT? WHAT IS IT?
YOU MISSED A BELT LOOP.
OH, N-N-NO.
OKAY, IT'S IN SPASM.
HERE, SWEETIE.
I TOOK THESE WHEN I HAD
MY GOLFING ACCIDENT.
OH, GO.
SORRY.
HI, I'M ANDREA.
I'M DOROTHY'S DAUGHTER.
HI, I'M CHANDLER, AND...
I HAVE NO IDEA
WHO DOROTHY IS.
Phoebe:
HEY, LOOK WHO'S UP.
HEY.
HOW DO YOU FEEL?
I FEEL GREAT.
I FLEEL GREAT.
WOW, THOSE PILLS
REALLY WORKED, HUH?
NOT THE FIRST TWO,
BUT THE SECOND TWO-- WHOO...
I LOVE YOU GUYS.
YOU GUYS ARE THE GREATEST.
I LOVE MY SISTER.
I LOVE PHEEB.
THAT'S SO NICE.
CHANDLER...
HEY.
I LOVE YOU, MAN.
AND LISTEN, MAN.
IF YOU WANT TO BE GAY,
BE GAY.
DOESN'T MATTER TO ME.
YOU WERE RIGHT.
RACHEL.
RACHEL...
( groans )
I LOVE YOU THE MOST.
WELL, YOU KNOW
WHO I LOVE THE MOST?
NO.
YOU.
OHH...
I DON'T GET IT.
WHAT HAVE YOU GOT THERE?
UH... JUST A, UH...
HEARING DISABILITY.
WHAT'S THE SCORE?
17-14, GIANTS.
THREE MINUTES TO GO
IN THE THIRD.
BEAUTIFUL.
( sighs )
PHEEBS...
COULD YOU MAYBE
HAND ME A CRACKER?
YOUR GRANDMOTHER
WOULD HAVE HATED THIS.
WELL, SURE...
WHAT WITH IT BEING
HER FUNERAL AND ALL.
NO, I'D BE HEARING ABOUT
"WHY DIDN'T I GET
THE HONEY-GLAZED HAM?"
OR I DIDN'T SPEND ENOUGH
ON FLOWERS.
IF I SPENT MORE,
SHE'D BE SAYING
"WHY YOU WASTING YOUR MONEY?
I DON'T NEED FLOWERS.
I'M DEAD."
THAT SOUNDS LIKE NANA.
DO YOU KNOW WHAT IT'S LIKE
TO GROW UP
WITH SOMEONE WHO IS CRITICAL
OF EVERY SINGLE THING YOU SAY?
I CAN IMAGINE.
I'M TELLING YOU.
IT'S A WONDER YOUR MOTHER
TURNED OUT TO BE
THE POSITIVE,
LIFE-AFFIRMING PERSON SHE IS.
THAT IS A WONDER.
SO, TELL ME SOMETHING, MOM.
IF YOU HAD TO DO IT
ALL OVER AGAIN--
IF SHE WAS HERE
RIGHT NOW--
WOULD YOU TELL HER?
TELL HER WHAT?
HOW SHE DROVE YOU CRAZY?
PICKING ON
EVERY LITTLE DETAIL
LIKE... YOUR HAIR,
FOR EXAMPLE.
I'M NOT SURE I KNOW
WHAT YOU'RE GETTING AT.
DO YOU THINK THINGS
WOULD HAVE BEEN BETTER
IF YOU'D JUST TOLD HER
THE TRUTH?
NO.
I THINK SOME THINGS
ARE BETTER LEFT UNSAID.
I THINK IT'S NICER
WHEN PEOPLE JUST GET ALONG.
HUH.
MORE WINE, DEAR?
OH, I THINK SO.
THOSE EARRINGS LOOK
REALLY LOVELY ON YOU.
THANK YOU.
THEY'RE YOURS.
ACTUALLY, THEY WERE NANA'S.
Men:
NO!
OH, MY GOD!
NOW I'M DEPRESSED.
EVEN MORE THAN I WAS.
HEY, WHO'S THIS
LITTLE NAKED GUY?
UH, THAT LITTLE NAKED GUY
WOULD BE ME.
AW, LOOK AT
THE LITTLE THING.
YES.
YES, FINE.
THAT IS MY PENIS.
CAN WE BE
GROWN-UPS NOW?
WHO ARE
THOSE PEOPLE?
GOT ME.
OH, THAT'S NANA
RIGHT THERE
IN THE MIDDLE.
LET'S SEE.
"ME AND THE GANG
AT JAVA JOE'S."
MONICA, YOU LOOK
JUST LIKE HER.
HOW OLD WAS SHE THERE?
LET'S SEE...
1939.
24, 25.
HUH.
IT LOOKS LIKE
A FUN GANG.
OOH, LOOK, LOOK,
LOOK, LOOK, LOOK.
I GOT MONICA NAKED.
Monica:
LET ME SEE!
NO, NO.
THAT WOULD BE ME AGAIN.
I'M, UH...
JUST TRYING SOMETHING.
HEY, LOWELL.
OH, HEY, CHANDLER.
SO, HOW'S IT GOING
DOWN THERE
IN FINANCIAL SERVICES?
IT'S LIKE MARDI GRAS
WITHOUT THE
PAPIER-MACHE HEADS.
HOW ABOUT YOU?
GOOD, GOOD.
LISTEN, UM...
I DON'T KNOW
WHAT SHELLY TOLD YOU
ABOUT ME, BUT, UH...
I'M NOT.
I KNOW.
THAT'S WHAT I TOLD HER.
REALLY?
YEAH.
SO, YOU CAN TELL?
PRETTY MUCH.
MOST OF THE TIME.
WE HAVE A KIND OF... RADAR.
SO YOU DON'T THINK I HAVE A...
A QUALITY?
SPEAKING FOR MY PEOPLE...
I'D HAVE TO SAY NO.
BY THE WAY, YOUR FRIEND
BRIAN FROM PAYROLL...
HE IS.
HE IS?
AND WAY OUT OF YOUR LEAGUE.
OUT OF MY LEAGUE?
I COULD GET A BRIAN.
IF I WANTED TO GET A BRIAN,
HEY, BRIAN.